---
title: Our post-project impressions.
date: 2015-03-01
author: Matthieu
public: true
---

#### How do we feel after having built our first node API?
This project was really interesting and really well prepared by our teachers, which is an important parameter on this kind of courses. I understood a lot in building this API, and I just want keep on and make this API growing. And we really could make a lot of links with other courses that we had. With this course, I personally could put a lot of bricks together, which was very usefull to me.

To be honest, I had a lot of problems to get really started. I lost of time on synthax stupidities and I was fast blocking on some problems. But then, I understood how I had to think, and things gone more easely.

One more week for that project would been perfect, because there is some things that are a bit "nasty" in the code that I really would want modify and improve. 

I think one thing which is REALLY important and that we neglected was the modelisation of our APP. I think we have to spend more time on it, which would allow us to code faster. A lot of modification in the code had to be done because of a bad modelisation.  

As I said, more time would been perfect. But thanks to the teachers who were really present on this project, I think we could built something "correct".

So thanks to the professors, and sorry for that bad english. But the most important, is that you can understand us :).

We really loved working on it. 

											Matthieu & Romain